docs/README.md, before:

Installation
------------

NOTE: No implemented yet

    git clone http:/.../app.sh.git

    mkdir /opt/apps
    cd /opt/apps
    ln -s .../app.sh.git/app.sh app.sh

    echo 'source .../app.sh.git/app_completion' >> ~/.bashrc

Or was it `~/.bash_profile`? hmm

Environment
-----------

The following environment variables are set by default:

TODOs
-----

* Support installation-wide settings. Useful for shared environment
  settings etc (PATH).

* Add support for hooks in .app/hooks. Example hooks:
    * Diff config. Save a backup of the config on installtaion.
    * Copy the configuration from the previous installation.

* Support changing current version.

* Document app.sh
    * Concept: config. group, key and value.
    * Scriptable

* init.d support

* Support -h for all applicable methods to show the help/usage.

Commands
--------

### `instance`

#### `install`

#### `upgrade`

Tries to upgrade all instances where the version doesn't match the resolved version.

#### `list`

#### `list-versions`

#### `set-current`

#### `remove`

Not implemented

### `conf`

#### `get`

    ./app -n $n -i $i conf get

#### `set`

    ./app -n $n -i $i conf set group.key value

#### `delete`

    ./app -n $n -i $i conf delete group.key

### `operate`

The operate sub-methods are provided by the application.

#### Supported methods by `pid-method`

#### `start`

#### `stop`

#### `status`

### `foreach`

Runs the given command for each of the selected instances.

Method Contract
---------------

### Environment variables you can depend on

* `APPSH_NAME`
* `APPSH_INSTANCE`
* `APPSH_METHOD`

Unclassified:

* `APPSH_HOME`
* `BASEDIR`

Commit message:

o Improved completion (again). o Consistent usage of APPSH_HOME and BASEDIR.

docs/README.md, after:

Installation
------------

    git clone http://.../app.sh.git

    mkdir /opt/apps
    cd /opt/apps
    ln -s .../app.sh.git/app.sh app.sh

NOTE: The bash completion is not perfect yet.

    echo 'source .../app.sh.git/app_completion' >> ~/.bashrc

Or was it `~/.bash_profile`? hmm

Environment
-----------

The following environment variables are set by default:

TODOs
-----

* Support installation-wide settings. Useful for shared environment
  settings etc (PATH).

* Add support for hooks in .app/hooks. Example hooks:
    * Diff config. Save a backup of the config on installtaion.
    * Copy the configuration from the previous installation.

* Support changing current version.

* Document app.sh
    * Concept: config. group, key and value.
    * Scriptable

* init.d support

* Support -h for all applicable methods to show the help/usage.

Commands
--------

### `instance`

#### `install`

#### `upgrade`

Tries to upgrade all instances where the version doesn't match the resolved version.

#### `list`

#### `list-versions`

#### `set-current`

#### `remove`

Not implemented

### `conf`

#### `get`

    ./app -n $n -i $i conf get

#### `set`

    ./app -n $n -i $i conf set group.key value

#### `delete`

    ./app -n $n -i $i conf delete group.key

### `operate`

The operate sub-methods are provided by the application.

#### Supported methods by `pid-method`

#### `start`

#### `stop`

#### `status`

### `foreach`

Runs the given command for each of the selected instances.

Method Contract
---------------

### Environment variables you can depend on

* `APPSH_NAME`
* `APPSH_INSTANCE`
* `APPSH_METHOD`

Unclassified:

* `APPSH_HOME`
* `BASEDIR`

Directory Hierarchy
-------------------

### Current

App.sh related:

    ./app
    ./.app/lib bash libraries used by app.sh and methods
    ./.app/var runtime data

Applications:

    ./<name>/<instance>/
        current   - symlink to the currently installed app
        versions/ - collection with all installed versions
          1.0/
          1.1/
          2.0/
